.TH "QwtAlphaColorMap" 3 "26 Feb 2007" "Version 5.0.1" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtAlphaColorMap \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtColorMap\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP variies the alpha value of a color. 
.PP
Definition at line 160 of file qwt_color_map.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP (const QColor &=QColor(Qt::gray))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP (const \fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtAlphaColorMap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtColorMap\fP * \fBcopy\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetColor\fP (const QColor &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QColor \fBcolor\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QRgb \fBrgb\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, double value) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtAlphaColorMap::QwtAlphaColorMap (const QColor & color = \fCQColor(Qt::gray)\fP)"
.PP
Constructor 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor\fP Color of the map 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 402 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by copy().
.SS "QwtAlphaColorMap::QwtAlphaColorMap (const \fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP & other)"
.PP
Copy constructor 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP Other color map 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 414 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SS "QwtAlphaColorMap::~QwtAlphaColorMap ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 422 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QColor QwtAlphaColorMap::color () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the color 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetColor()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 465 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtColorMap\fP * QwtAlphaColorMap::copy () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Clone the color map. 
.PP
Implements \fBQwtColorMap\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 441 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
References QwtAlphaColorMap().
.SS "\fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP & QwtAlphaColorMap::operator= (const \fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP & other)"
.PP
Assignment operator 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIother\fP Other color map 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
*this 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 432 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
References d_data.
.SS "QRgb QwtAlphaColorMap::rgb (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP & interval, double value) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Map a value of a given interval into a alpha value. 
.PP
alpha := (value - interval.minValue()) / interval.width();
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinterval\fP Range for all values 
.br
\fIvalue\fP Value to map into a rgb value 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
rgb value, with an alpha value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtColorMap\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 479 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleInterval::isValid(), QwtDoubleInterval::minValue(), and QwtDoubleInterval::width().
.SS "void QwtAlphaColorMap::setColor (const QColor & color)"
.PP
Set the color
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor\fP Color 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcolor()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 455 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
